Add info about error casting in in createResource (#1086)
solidjs/solid-docs: src/routes/reference/basic-reactivity/create-resource.mdx

You can also call refetch to rerun the fetcher directly, and pass an optional argument to provide additional info to the fetcher e.g `refetch(info)`.

`data` works like a normal signal getter: use `data()` to read the last returned value of `fetchData`. 
But it also has extra reactive properties:

> - `data.loading` tells you if the fetcher has been called but not returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `data.loading`: whether the fetcher has been called but not returned.
```

> - `data.error` tells you if the request has errored out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `data.error`: if the request has errored out.
```

>   `createResource` always provides an `Error` object for `data.error`, even if the fetcher throws something else.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `createResource`: provides an `Error` object for `data.error`. It will show even if the fetcher throws something else.
```

>   - If the fetcher throws an `Error` instance, `data.error` will be that instance.
>   - If the fetcher throws a string, `data.error.message` will contain that string.
>   - If the fetcher throws a value that is neither an `Error` nor a string, that value will be available as `data.error.cause`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Fetcher throws an `Error` instance, `data.error` will be that instance.
  - If the fetcher throws a string, `data.error.message` will contain that string.
  - When the fetcher throws a value that is neither an `Error` nor a string, that value will be available as `data.error.cause`.
```

  <Callout title="Note">

  If you anticipate errors, you may want to wrap `createResource` in an [ErrorBoundary](/reference/components/error-boundary).

>   </Callout>

Author: This is out of place but I couldn't find a better place for it. It shouldn't be here in the first place. Maybe we should mention it somewhere [here](https://docs.solidjs.com/guides/fetching-data) instead.

Reviewer: I agree - probably best to add under [Using createResource](https://docs.solidjs.com/guides/fetching-data#using-createresource)

Author: Removed the note in favor of https://github.com/solidjs/solid-docs/pull/1096

> - As of **v1.4.0**, `data.latest` will return the last returned value and won't trigger [Suspense](/reference/components/suspense) and [transitions](#TODO); if no value has been returned yet, `data.latest` acts the same as `data()`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- As of **v1.4.0**, `data.latest` returns the last value received and will not trigger [Suspense](/reference/components/suspense) or [transitions](#TODO); if no value has been returned yet, `data.latest` will act the same as `data()`. 
```
